h1. What this plugin does

It automatically sets a wiki page's parent page based on its name.

For example:
* "*HowTo>ManageYourTeam*" will be a child page of  "*HowTo*".
* "*HowTo>ManageYourTeam>TheHardWay*" will be a child page of "HowTo>ManageYourTeam".

Benefits:
* You don't have to select a parent page from a long drop-down list.
* A page's path of parent pages shows up in the URL.
* Very easy to create a child page for the wiki page you're on. Just add ">NewChild" to your current URL.
* You now know to go straight to "Rename" to change its parent page -- which is not very intuitive.


h1. Installation

@script/plugin install git://github.com/merikonjatta/redmine_autohier.git@
Or, you could download the zip file and extract its contents to *redmine_dir/vendor/plugins*.
Restart your redmine app.

Currently known to work in Redmine 1.1.1.


h1. Usage

Use '>' in your page title to set its path.


h2. Moving whole trees

Once you rename a wiki page that have child pages, all of them will be renamed accordingly.

Example: Say you have
 * "PlannedTrips>Japan"
 * "PlannedTrips>Japan>Hotels"
 * "PlannedTrips>Japan>Transportation"

and so on. Rename "*PlannedTrips>Japan*" to "*PastTrips>Japan*" and you get
 * "PastTrips>Japan"
 * "PastTrips>Japan>Hotels"
 * "PastTrips>Japan>Transportation"


h2. Redirections

Redmine has an option to set redirections when you change a wiki page's name. This options is applied to all child pages when you move a whole tree.


h1. License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2011 Shinya Maeyama.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
